So I said that you may have used the
condition, on line 2, instead of while True.
If we do that, we can remove the break on
line 4. The loop will terminate when
the condition becomes false and then
there's no need to break out of it.
So let's have a go at doing that, so I'm going to
select up here, down to, before the choice there,
and delete that.
So I've deleted the True and the if and
we've now got while choice is equal to
zero. So we want to keep looping while
choice doesn't equal zero, so that
condition has to be reversed,
so that's going to be not equal. We can
now remove the break. Let's do that,
then we need to change the elif, that's on line three,
to an if, because of course, there's no if now.
We've deleted that first if, like
so. That's fixed the errors, as you can see.
This code produces the same effect
as the previous version. Don't just take
my word for it, though.Test the program to
make sure that it still works as
expected. I'm going to run that to make
sure one -  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, zero.
As you can see, it's still working as it was before.
So that's two different ways to do the
same thing. So I actually prefer this code,
compared to the previous version that
had while True, because line two is now
clearer about what causes the loop to
terminate. When you see while True, you
have to read further into the code to
work out when the loop will terminate,
and how. Both solutions, though, work fine,
and there's little difference between
them. Alright so that's the end of this
section now. In the next section, we'll
start looking at other sequence types;
namely lists ranges and tuples.
See you in the next section.